Xiao Chen Hai, I only ask you one question
Why did Xiao Jishan Wasp and the two murder my creature?
Did you know?
Of course Dad knew about this, Dad acquiesced in it
I'll tell you the truth.
When your veins were severed
Just a waste
Your bitch's mother
Naturally, it loses all its use value
If you don't kill him, is it a waste of food to keep him alive?
Very good, today I want all of you Xiao family
Buried with my master
You tried to kill us?
Why do you think I don't have this ability?
Xiao Lingtian, I admit that you are talented for a day
Twenty-somethings
One person monopolizes the masters of 15 Martial Arts Increase Masters
Do you know my strength?
I can crush you with a wave of my hand
I have to ask you one last time
Are you coming back to Joe's with me?
I want me
Do you really think you have the ability?
Today I will wipe out your Xiao family
Be brave and good, it means that the general sect will suppress you
I am from Condor
To 2 teachers
Just no joy
I told you so.
Whether it is a master or a great master
In my eyes
He said to leave half the old man alone
Do you still think
My child will not destroy your strength to leave the house
Don't be complacent, little beast
What can fathers do?
This is Grandpa Gusu
The Lord has come
That's your driver.
This tomorrow you confess to me now
I still recognize your grandson
I can intercede for you before the Lord God
Match me with the Xiao family to inherit the family business
If you are obsessed
Today is your death